Updates docs about adding agents (#1824)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/install-fleet-managed-elastic-agent.asciidoc

Integrations assets are shared across spaces, users need the {kib} privileges in
all spaces.

> * <<fleet-server,{fleet-server}>> must be running in a location accessible to

Author: ```suggestion
* <<fleet-server,{fleet-server}>> running in a location accessible to
```

> {agent}, and {agent} must have a direct network connection to

Author: ```suggestion
{agent}. {agent} must have a direct network connection to
```

> {fleet-server} and {es}. If you're using our hosted {ess} on {ecloud},

Reviewer: Should "the Elastic Agent" here be either "Elastic Agent" or "the agent" (since `{agent}` resolves to `Elastic Agent`)? From what I've seen, in most places we don't use an article with "Elastic Agent", is that right?

Author: I think we had some places where we replaced "the agent" with "the Elastic Agent" but should have removed the article when we did that.

I think since we capitalize both words in Elastic Agent, we should not use "the" before it.

{fleet-server} is already available as part of the {integrations-server}.

> * {kib} requires an internet connection to download integration packages

Author: ```suggestion
* Internet connection for {kib} to download integration packages
```
